Last Updated: 20th July 2023

CorrectSOC Ltd (we, our, us) respects your privacy and is committed to protecting your personal data. This privacy notice explains how we use and protect the personal data you provide to us. It also explains your privacy rights and protections.

We have tried to keep this privacy notice simply without compromising on the information provided to you. We have therefore broken it down into the following sections.

Purpose Of This Privacy Notice
This privacy notice gives you information about how we collect and process personal data you provide to us, including any data you provide via our website www.CorrectSOC.com when you register with us, use our Site, our services, or our software, when you sign up to our newsletter, correspond with us or request us to contact you.

This privacy notice should be read together with any other privacy notice or fair processing notice we may provide when we are collecting or processing personal data about you. This privacy notice supplements any other notices and is not intended to override them.

Our business offering is not intended for children and we do not knowingly collect data relating to children.

Our Contact Details And Role
We are the data controller responsible for your personal data. Our full details are:

Name CorrectSOC Ltd

Company registration number: 10726476

Data privacy manager: Terry Lewis

Email address: hello@CorrectSOC.com

Postal address:WhiteGates business Park, Shenfield, Essex, England, CM15 8QF

Telephone number: +44 20300 53729.

If you have any questions about this privacy notice, including anyrequests to exercise your legal rights (see section 9 below), please contact the data privacy manager using the details set out above.

You have the right to make a complaint at any time to the Information Commissioners Office (ICO) (www.ico.org.uk), which is the supervisory authority for UK data protection issues. However, we ask that you contact us in the first instance and give us the opportunity to address your concerns before you consider contacting the ICO.

Changes To The Privacy Notice & Your Duty To Inform Us Of Changes
It is important that the personal or business data we hold about you is accurate and current, so please let us know if your personal or business data changes at any time.

Third-Party Links
Our Site may include links to third-party websites, vendor offerings or other applications, plug-ins, and/or applications. Clicking on those links or enabling those connections may allow third parties to collect or share data about you. We do not control these third-party websites and are not responsible for their privacy statements. When you leave our site, you should read the privacy notice of any website you visit.

The Data We Collect About You
Personal data, or personal information, means any information about an individual from which that person can be identified. It does not include data where the identity has been removed (anonymous data).

We may collect, use, store and transfer the following kinds of personal data about you, which we have summarised into categories:

Identity Data:includes first name, last name, username, or similar identifier and title.
Contact Data: includes billing address, delivery address, email address, and telephone numbers.
Transaction Data: includes details about payments from you and other details of services you have purchased or received from us.
Technical Data:includes internet protocol (IP) address, your login data, browser type, and version, time zone setting and location, browser plug-in types and versions, operating system and platform, and other technology on the devices you use to access this website. Depending on what scanners and services you use within the CorrectSOC platform we also take machine-specific and cloud account data to enable you to use the platform to enhance your Cyber Security Posture. We accept no responsibility or liability for any data breach within CorrectSOC which ends up in your personal or business data (some of which maybe pulled into CorrectSOC from 3rdparty cloud accounts you choose to connect within the CorrectSOC platform) becoming available in the public domain.
Profile Data: includes your username and password, purchases or orders made by you, your interests, preferences, feedback, and survey responses.
Usage Data: includes information about how you use our Site and/or services.
Marketing and Communications Data includes your preferences in receiving marketing from us and our third parties and your communication preferences.
The above categories are used as defined terms elsewhere in this privacy notice.

We also collect, use, and share Aggregated Data such as statistical or demographic data for any purpose. Aggregated Data may be derived from your personal data but is not considered personal data in law as this data does not directly or indirectly reveal your identity. For example, we may aggregate your Usage Data to calculate the percentage of users accessing a specific website feature. However, if we combine or connect Aggregated Data with your personal data so that it can directly or indirectly identify you, we treat the combined data as personal data which will be used in accordance with this privacy notice.

We do not collect any Special Categories of Personal Data about you (this includes details about your race or ethnicity, religious or philosophical beliefs, sex life, sexual orientation, political opinions, trade union membership, information about your health, and genetic and biometric data). Nor do we collect any information about criminal convictions and offenses.

If You Fail To Provide Personal Data
Where we need to collect personal data by law, or under the terms of a contract we have with you, and you fail to provide that data when requested, we may not be able to perform our obligations under our contract with you. In that case, we may have to cancel a product or service, but we will notify you if so.

How Your Personal Data Is Collected
We use different methods to collect your personal data including through:

Directly from you.You may give us your Identity and Contact Data by filling in forms or by corresponding with us by post, phone, email, or otherwise. This includes personal data you provide when you:

Use our Site;
create an account;
subscribe to our service or publications;
request marketing to be sent to you; or
give us some feedback.
Automated Technologies Or Interactions
As you interact with our Site, we may automatically collect Technical Data about your equipment, browsing actions, and patterns. We collect this personal data by using cookies, server logs, and other similar technologies. Please see our cookie policy CorrectSOC.com/cookie-policy for further details.

How We Use Your Personal Data
We will only use your personal data when the law allows us to. Most commonly, we will use your personal data in the following circumstances:

Where we need to perform our contractual obligations to you.
Where it is necessary for our legitimate interests (or those of a third party) and your interests and fundamental rights do not override those interests.
Where we need to comply with a legal or regulatory obligation.
Legitimate Interest means the interest in conducting and managing our business to enable us to provide good quality services and a good and secure experience. We consider and balance any potential impact on you (both positive and negative) and your rights before we process your personal data for our legitimate interests. We do not use your personal data for activities where our interests are overridden by the impact on you (unless we have your consent or are otherwise required or permitted to by law). Please contact us if you would like any further guidance concerning how we assess legitimate interests against any potential impact on you.

Generally, we do not rely on consent as a legal basis for processing your personal data other than in relation to sending third-party direct marketing communications to you via email or text message. You have the right to withdraw consent to marketing at any time bycontacting us.
We strive to provide you with choices regarding certain personal data uses, particularly around marketing and advertising. We have established the following personal data control mechanisms regarding our marketing activities:
Promotional Offers From Us

We may use your Identity, Contact, Technical, Usage, and Profile Data to decide what we think you may want or need, or what may be of interest to you.

You will receive marketing communications from us if you have requested information from us or purchased services from us and, in each case, you have not opted out of receiving that marketing.

Third-Party Marketing

We will get your express opt-in consent before we share your personal data with any third-party company for marketing purposes.

Opting Out

You can ask us or third parties to stop sending you marketing messages at any time by

contacting usat any time. Where you opt-out of receiving these marketing messages, this will not apply to personal data provided to us because of a service purchase, warranty registration, product/service experience, or other transactions.

Cookies

You can set your browser to refuse all or some browser cookies or to alert you when websites use cookies. If you disable or refuse cookies, you may be unable to use some parts of our Site properly or at all. For more information about the cookies we use, please see our Cookie Policy
www.CorrectSOC.com/cookie-policy.Change Of Purpose

We will only use your personal data for the purposes for which we collected it unless we reasonably consider that we need to use it for another reason and that reason is compatible with the original purpose.
If we need to use your personal data for an unrelated purpose, we will notify you and we will explain the legal basis which allows us to do so.

We will not sell your data for any reason.

Please note that we may process your personal data without your knowledge or consent, where this is required or permitted by law.

Disclosures Of Your Personal Data

We may have to share your personal data with the parties set out below for the purposes set out in the table above.
privacy-p-144

• The following external third parties:
• 3Gi Technology Ltd, an associated company who assist with providing support services for the CorrectSOC Platform.
• Professional advisers including lawyers, bankers, auditors, and insurers based in the UK who provide consultants, banking, legal, insurance, and accounting services.
• HM Revenue & Customs, regulators, and other authorities based in the United Kingdom require reporting of processing activities in certain circumstances.
• Third parties to whom we may choose to sell, transfer, or merge parts of our business or our assets. Alternatively, we may seek to acquire other businesses or merge with them. If a change happens to our business, then the new owners may use your personal data in the same way as set out in this privacy notice.
We require all third parties to respect the security of your personal data and to treat it in accordance with the law. We only permit them to process your personal data for specified purposes and in accordance with our instructions.

Data Security
We have put in place appropriate security measures to prevent your personal data from being accidentally lost, used, or accessed in an unauthorized way, altered or disclosed. In addition, we limit access to your personal data to those employees, agents, contractors, and other third parties who have a business need to know. They will only process your personal data on our instructions and they are subject to a duty of confidentiality.

We have put in place procedures to deal with any suspected personal data breach and will notify you and any applicable regulator of a breach where we are legally required to do so.

How Long Will You Use My Personal Data?
By law, we must keep basic information about our customers (including Contact, Identity, and Transaction Data) for six years after they cease being customers for tax purposes.

Other than in relation to the said taxation purposes, we will only retain your personal data for as long as necessary to fulfill the purposes we collected it for, including for the purposes of satisfying any legal, accounting, or reporting requirements.

To determine the appropriate retention period for personal data, we consider the amount, nature, and sensitivity of the personal data, the potential risk of harm from unauthorized use or disclosure of your personal data, the purposes for which we process your personal data, and whether we can achieve those purposes through other means, and the applicable legal requirements.

In some circumstances you can ask us to delete your data: see [

In some circumstances, we may anonymous your personal data (so that it can no longer be associated with you) for research or statistical purposes in which case we may use this information indefinitely without further notice to you.

Your Legal Rights
Under certain circumstances, you have rights under data protection laws in relation to your personal data. Please click on the links below to find out more about these rights:

You have the right to:

• Request access: to your personal data (commonly known as a “data subject access request”). This enables you to receive a copy of the personal data we hold about you and to check that we are lawfully processing it.
• Request correction: of the personal data that we hold about you. This enables you to have any incomplete or inaccurate data we hold about you corrected, though we may need to verify the accuracy of the new data you provide to us.
• Request erasure: of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to delete or remove personal data where there is no good reason for us to continue to process it. You also have the right to ask us to delete or remove your personal data where you have successfully exercised your right to object to processing (see below), where we may have processed your information unlawfully or where we are required to erase your personal data to comply with local law. Note, however, that we may not always be able to comply with your request of erasure for specific legal reasons which will be notified to you, if applicable, at the time of your request.
• Object to processing: of your personal data where we are relying on a legitimate interest (or those of a third party) and there is something about your situation which makes you want to object to processing on this ground as you feel it impacts your fundamental rights and freedoms. You also have the right to object where we are processing your personal data for direct marketing purposes. In some cases, we may demonstrate that we have compelling legitimate grounds to process your information which override your rights and freedoms.
• Request restriction of processing: of your personal data. This enables you to ask us to suspend the processing of your personal data in the following scenarios: (a) if you want us to establish the data’s accuracy; (b) where our use of the data is unlawful but you do not want us to erase it; (c) where you need us to hold the data even if we no longer require it as you need it to establish, exercise or defend legal claims; or (d) you have objected to our use of your data but we need to verify whether we have overriding legitimate grounds to use it.
• Request the transfer: of your personal data to you or to a third party. We will provide to you, or a third party you have chosen, your personal data in a structured, commonly used, machine-readable format. Note that this right only applies to automated information which you initially provided consent for us to use or where we used the information to perform a contract with you.
• Withdraw consent at any time: where we are relying on consent to process your personal data. However, this will not affect the lawfulness of any processing carried out before you withdraw your consent. If you withdraw your consent, we may not be able to provide certain services to you. We will advise you if this is the case at the time you withdraw your consent.
If you wish to exercise any of the rights set out above, please contact us.

No Fee Usually Required
You will not have to pay a fee to access your personal data (or to exercise any of the other rights). However, we may charge a reasonable fee if your request is clearly unfounded, repetitive, or excessive. Alternatively, we may refuse to comply with your request in these circumstances.

What We May Need From You
We may need to request specific information from you to help us confirm your identity and ensure your right to access your personal data (or to exercise any of your other rights). This is a security measure to ensure that personal data is not disclosed to any person who has no right to receive it. We may also contact you to ask you for further information in relation to your request to speed up our response.

Time Limit To Response
We try to respond to all legitimate requests within one month. Occasionally it may take us longer than a month if your request is particularly complex or you have made several requests. In this case, we will notify you and keep you updated.

If you have any further questions or concerns about how we treat your privacy, please contact hello@CorrectSOC.com